Add readme about application. (#20)
dcdao/profiles: Readme.md

# Darwinia Community Dao Profiles

> This repository serves as a storage for the members' information and NFT images of Darwinia Community Dao. In addition, it provides a streamlined process for contributors to apply and automatically receive their NFTs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository serves as a storage for application info of Darwinia Community DAO Profiles NFTs. In addition, it provides a streamlined process for contributors to apply and automatically receive their NFTs.
```

## How to Apply
To apply for an NFT, follow the steps below:

1. Create an issue in this repository with the application template.
2. Fill out the application with your specific information.

> 3. Wait for a maintainer to review your application and add the approved label.

Reviewer 2: how many approves does it need?

Author: Issues only require approval from one maintainer, but Pull Requests can be configured to require approval from multiple maintainers before they can be merged.
